README.md, before:

# LSP-copilot

![Copilot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TheSecEng/LSP-copilot/master/docs/screenshot.png)

GitHub Copilot support for Sublime Text LSP plugin provided through [Copilot.vim][].

This plugin uses [Copilot][] distribution which uses OpenAI Codex to suggest codes
and entire functions in real-time right from your editor.

## Prerequisites

* Network connection.
* Active GitHub Copilot subscription.

    Note that GitHub Copilot is free until August 22, 2022. You can start your trail on [this][Copilot] page.

## Installation

1. Install [LSP][] and [LSP-copilot][] via Package Control.
1. Restart Sublime Text.

## Setup

On the first time use, follow the steps below:

1. Execute `Copilot: Sign In` from the command palette.
1. Follow the prompts to authenticate LSP-copilot.
    1. The `User Code` will be auto copied to your clipboard.
    1. Paste the `User Code` into the pop-up GitHub authentication page.
    1. Return to Sublime Text and press `OK` on the dialog.
    1. If you see a "sign in OK" dialog, LSP-copilot should start working since then.


## FAQs

### Pressing `Tab` commits autocompletion rather than Copilot's suggestion

There is no way for a plugin to know which one is wanted. But you can define your own dedicate keybinding to commit
Copilot's suggestion.

```js
{
    "keys": ["YOUR_OWN_DEDICATE_KEYBINDING"],
    "command": "copilot_accept_completion",
    "context": [
        {
            "key": "setting.copilot.completion.is_visible"
        }
    ]
},
```

[Copilot]: https://github.com/features/copilot
[Copilot.vim]: https://github.com/github/copilot.vim/tree/release/copilot/dist
[LSP]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP
[LSP-copilot]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP-copilot

Commit message:

docs: say Node v18 is unsupported
Signed-off-by: Jack Cherng <jfcherng@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# LSP-copilot

![Copilot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TheSecEng/LSP-copilot/master/docs/screenshot.png)

GitHub Copilot support for Sublime Text LSP plugin provided through [Copilot.vim][].

This plugin uses [Copilot][] distribution which uses OpenAI Codex to suggest codes
and entire functions in real-time right from your editor.

## Prerequisites

* Network connection.
* Active GitHub Copilot subscription.

    Note that GitHub Copilot is free until August 22, 2022. You can start your trail on [this][Copilot] page.

## Installation

1. Install [LSP][] and [LSP-copilot][] via Package Control.
1. Restart Sublime Text.

## Setup

On the first time use, follow the steps below:

1. Execute `Copilot: Sign In` from the command palette.
1. Follow the prompts to authenticate LSP-copilot.
    1. The `User Code` will be auto copied to your clipboard.
    1. Paste the `User Code` into the pop-up GitHub authentication page.
    1. Return to Sublime Text and press `OK` on the dialog.
    1. If you see a "sign in OK" dialog, LSP-copilot should start working since then.


## FAQs

### My Sublime Text freezes after installing this plugin

It's likely that you are using Node v18, which is [unsupported](https://github.com/github/copilot.vim/blob/554460008f18cbffecb9f1e5de58fec8410dc16f/autoload/copilot/agent.vim#L378-L387) by the copilot server.
For workarounds, see [#51](https://github.com/TheSecEng/LSP-copilot/issues/51#issuecomment-1216545673).

### Pressing `Tab` commits autocompletion rather than Copilot's suggestion

There is no way for a plugin to know which one is wanted. But you can define your own dedicate keybinding to commit
Copilot's suggestion.

```js
{
    "keys": ["YOUR_OWN_DEDICATE_KEYBINDING"],
    "command": "copilot_accept_completion",
    "context": [
        {
            "key": "setting.copilot.completion.is_visible"
        }
    ]
},
```

[Copilot]: https://github.com/features/copilot
[Copilot.vim]: https://github.com/github/copilot.vim/tree/release/copilot/dist
[LSP]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP
[LSP-copilot]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP-copilot
